README.md, before:

# Food-Web
This web app will help people in making quick judgements on what are the best items to eat in a given restaurant based on ratings

# How to Run the website
Just go to https://webdevbootcamp-ankitner.c9users.io to use the website. As simple as that! You cannot run it as a localhost because we are using our own database for alpha release and as result it won't work as a localhost. The site might be busy, just have patience and try it after some time again if you face any issues.


# Project Description
If you are hungry and want to spend your money on something worthy, then you must check our app, which provides the ratings and feedback of a dish at any restaurant near you. This app will help you satisfy your appetite with food that is worth your time and money. Just go to our site, search what you want to eat in the search bar and get our list of suggestions to satisfy your cravings. 

Individual users can also sell home made foods by posting foods and the location to collect them in our site. We have a distant focus to help the immigrants and other foreign citizens who are trying to earn but cannot just only because they are not well versed in English. We feel that if they can cook foods of their own country and make it popular here in the USA, they will be able to become self sufficient. Feel free to contribute and share your experience. 


### MVP
The website will be able to give a list of restaurants that will offer the food searched for.

### Add-on Features
- Separate accounts for the user and the restaurant owners. 
- The restaurant owners will be able to publish their restaurant information.
- Users can keep track of the previously searched restaurants.
- Ratings and reviews of the dishes and environment of a restaurant.

### How are we going to do it?
- Designing the front end of the web app using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap.
- Performing back end development using JavaScript, Nodejs, MongoDB and API's. 

# User Story
If a user wants to eat any kind of food, he will be able to go to the website. The user can then search for a list of restaurants that will offer him with that food.

# Youtube Link Demonstration
https://youtu.be/-YbNxX5B-6U


[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/FoodEnthusiasts/FoodEnthusiastsChatForum?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Commit message:

Updating README.md for clarity of landing page

README.md, after:

# Food-Web
This web app will help people in making quick judgements on what are the best items to eat in a given restaurant based on ratings

# How to Run the website
Just go to https://webdevbootcamp-ankitner.c9users.io to use the website. As simple as that! You cannot run it as a localhost because we are using our own database for alpha release and as result it won't work as a localhost. The site might be busy, just have patience and try it after some time again if you face any issues.
# Landing Page

Our landing page can be found inside first page of the website if someone clicks the button 'About Our Site". Just for clarity the link to the about page is given here too. Just go to - https://webdevbootcamp-ankitner.c9users.io/about

# Project Description
If you are hungry and want to spend your money on something worthy, then you must check our app, which provides the ratings and feedback of a dish at any restaurant near you. This app will help you satisfy your appetite with food that is worth your time and money. Just go to our site, search what you want to eat in the search bar and get our list of suggestions to satisfy your cravings. 

Individual users can also sell home made foods by posting foods and the location to collect them in our site. We have a distant focus to help the immigrants and other foreign citizens who are trying to earn but cannot just only because they are not well versed in English. We feel that if they can cook foods of their own country and make it popular here in the USA, they will be able to become self sufficient. Feel free to contribute and share your experience. 


### MVP
The website will be able to give a list of restaurants that will offer the food searched for.

### Add-on Features
- Separate accounts for the user and the restaurant owners. 
- The restaurant owners will be able to publish their restaurant information.
- Users can keep track of the previously searched restaurants.
- Ratings and reviews of the dishes and environment of a restaurant.

### How are we going to do it?
- Designing the front end of the web app using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap.
- Performing back end development using JavaScript, Nodejs, MongoDB and API's. 

# User Story
If a user wants to eat any kind of food, he will be able to go to the website. The user can then search for a list of restaurants that will offer him with that food.

# Youtube Link Demonstration
https://youtu.be/-YbNxX5B-6U


[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/FoodEnthusiasts/FoodEnthusiastsChatForum?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
